Book characters: Alice,   , Queen, Duchess, the Mock Turtle, Bill, the White Rabbit, Footman, King, Majesty.
Book key terms: Hatter, Gryphon, Dormouse, Caterpillar, Mouse, Dodo, the March Hare, ME, English, French.

Chapter 0, starting:
ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND Lewis Carroll ...
Chapter 0 characters: Alice, Dinah, Latitude , Longitude, Down.
Chapter 0 key terms: ME, NEVER, earth, Antipathies, New Zealand.
Quote from chapter: "(when she thought it over afterwards, it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the time it all seemed quite natural); but when the Rabbit actually TOOK A WATCH OUT OF ITS WAISTCOAT-POCKET, and looked at it, and then hurried on, Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the field after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge."
Alice started to her feet after she thought it was good practice to say it over) '--yes, that's about the right distance -- but then I wonder what latitude or longitude I've got to?'  Alice,) and round the neck of the bottle was a paper label, with the words' drink me 'beautifully printed on it in large letters.'
Chapter 1, starting:
CHAPTER II. The Pool of Tears 'Curiouser and curiouser!' cried Alice (she was so much surprised, that ...
Chapter 1 characters: Alice,   , the White Rabbit, Duchess, Mabel.
Chapter 1 key terms: Mouse, English, Paris, Rome, French.
Quote from chapter: "Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a little way off, and she swam nearer to make out what it was: at first she thought it must be a walrus or hippopotamus, but then she remembered how small she was now, and she soon made out that it was only a mouse that had slipped in like herself."
'I must be mabel after all, and I shall have to go and live in that poky little house,' said poor alice, and her eyes filled with tears again as she went on, 'I must be mabel after all, and I shall have to go and live in that poky little house, and have next to no toys to play with, and oh! She got up and went on, and her eyes filled with tears again as she went on,' said poor alice.
Chapter 2, starting:
CHAPTER III. A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale They were indeed a queer-looking party that assembled on the bank--the ...
Chapter 2 characters:   , Alice, William, Edwin, Morcar.
Chapter 2 key terms: Dodo, Mouse, Caucus-, the Lory, English.
Quote from chapter: "Indeed, she had quite a long argument with the Lory, who at last turned sulky, and would only say, 'I am older than you, and must know better'; and this Alice would not allow without knowing how old it was, and, as the Lory positively refused to tell its age, there was no more to be said."
Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair she put her hand in her pocket.  She pulled out a box of comfits, (luckily the salt water had not got into it), and handed them round as prizes.  Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair she put her hand in her pocket, and pulled out a box of comfits, (luckily the salt water had not got into it), and handed them round as prizes. 
Chapter 3, starting:
'You are not attending!' said the Mouse to Alice severely. 'What are you thinking of?' ...
Chapter 3 characters: Alice, Dinah, Crab, Majesty, Magpie.
Chapter 3 key terms: Mouse, the March Hare.
Quote from chapter: "In a little while, however, she again heard a little pattering of footsteps in the distance, and she looked up eagerly, half hoping that the Mouse had changed his mind, and was coming back to finish his story."
Alice replied eagerly, for she was always ready to talk about her pet.  She was always ready to talk about her pet: 'I wish I had our dinah here, I know I do!'  She was always ready to talk about her pet: 'I wish I had our dinah here, I know I do!'  She was always ready to talk about her pet: 'dinah's our cat. 
Chapter 4, starting:
CHAPTER IV. The Rabbit Sends in a Little Bill It was the White Rabbit, trotting slowly back again, and looking ...
Chapter 4 characters: Alice, Bill, the White Rabbit, Mary Ann, Dinah.
Chapter 4 key terms: CAN, Hatter.
Quote from chapter: "Hardly knowing what she did, she picked up a little bit of stick, and held it out to the puppy; whereupon the puppy jumped into the air off all its feet at once, with a yelp of delight, and rushed at the stick, and made believe to worry it; then Alice dodged behind a great thistle, to keep herself from being run over; and the moment she appeared on the other side, the puppy made another rush at the stick, and tumbled head over heels in its hurry to get hold of it; then Alice, thinking it was very like having a game of play with a cart-horse, and expecting every moment to be trampled under its feet, ran round the thistle again; then the puppy began a series of short charges at the stick, running a very little way forwards each time and a long way back, and barking hoarsely all the while, till at last it sat down a good way off, panting, with its tongue hanging out of its mouth, and its great eyes half shut."
Alice guessed in a moment that it was looking for the fan and the pair of white kid gloves.  By this time she had found her way into a tidy little room with a table in the window, and the great hall, with the glass table and the little door, had vanished completely.  By this time she had found her way into a tidy little room with a table in the window, and the great hall, with the glass table and the little door, had vanished completely.
Chapter 5, starting:
CHAPTER V. Advice from a Caterpillar The Caterpillar and Alice looked at each other for some time in silence: ...
Chapter 5 characters:   , Alice, William, CHAPTER V. Advice, WILLIAM.
Chapter 5 key terms: Caterpillar, MYSELF, ME, DOTH.
Quote from chapter: "'Well, perhaps you haven't found it so yet,' said Alice; 'but when you have to turn into a chrysalis--you will some day, you know--and then after that into a butterfly, I should think you'll feel it a little queer, won't you?'"
Alice felt a little irritated at the caterpillar's making such very short remarks.  At last it unfolded its arms, took the hookah out of its mouth again, and said, very gravely, 'I think, you ought to tell me who you are, first.'
Chapter 6, starting:
'That is not said right,' said the Caterpillar. 'Not QUITE right, I'm afraid,' said Alice, timidly; 'some of the words ...
Chapter 6 characters: Alice.
Chapter 6 key terms: Caterpillar.
Quote from chapter: "She was a good deal frightened by this very sudden change, but she felt that there was no time to be lost, as she was shrinking rapidly; so she set to work at once to eat some of the other bit."
Alice remained looking thoughtfully at the mushroom for a minute.  She was a good deal frightened by this very sudden change.  But she felt that there was no time to be lost.  She set to work at once to eat some of the other bit.  She set to work at once to eat some of the other bit.  She set to work at once to eat some of the other bit. 
Chapter 7, starting:
  *    *    *    *    *    *    *     *    *    *    *    *    * ...
Chapter 7 characters: Alice, Serpent.
Chapter 7 key terms: the Pigeon, CAN.
Quote from chapter: "She had just succeeded in curving it down into a graceful zigzag, and was going to dive in among the leaves, which she found to be nothing but the tops of the trees under which she had been wandering, when a sharp hiss made her draw back in a hurry: a large pigeon had flown into her face, and was beating her violently with its wings."
Alice in a tone of delight, which seemed to rise like a stalk out of a sea of green leaves that lay far below her.  She had just succeeded in curving it down into a graceful zigzag, and was delighted to find that her neck would bend about easily in any direction, like a serpent. 
Chapter 8, starting:
CHAPTER VI. Pig and Pepper For a minute or two she stood looking at the house, and wondering what ...
Chapter 8 characters: Alice, Duchess, Footman, Cheshire,   .
Chapter 8 key terms: Caterpillar, the March Hare, CHORUS, Hatter, PLEASE.
Quote from chapter: "For a minute or two she stood looking at the house, and wondering what to do next, when suddenly a footman in livery came running out of the wood--(she considered him to be a footman because he was in livery: otherwise, judging by his face only, she would have called him a fish)--and rapped loudly at the door with his knuckles."
The duchess was sitting on a three - legged stool in the middle, nursing a baby; the cook was leaning over the fire, stirring a large cauldron which seemed to be full of soup.  As soon as she had made out the proper way of nursing it, (which was to twist it up into a sort of knot, and then keep tight hold of its right ear and left foot, so as to prevent its undoing itself,) she carried it out into the open air.
Chapter 9, starting:
CHAPTER VII. A Mad Tea-Party There was a table set out under a tree in front of the house, and the ...
Chapter 9 characters: Alice,   , Queen, Elsie, Lacie.
Chapter 9 key terms: Hatter, Dormouse, the March Hare, Time, BEST.
Quote from chapter: "The Dormouse had closed its eyes by this time, and was going off into a doze; but, on being pinched by the Hatter, it woke up again with a little shriek, and went on: '--that begins with an M, such as mouse-traps, and the moon, and memory, and muchness--you know you say things are "much of a muchness"--did you ever see such a thing as a drawing of a muchness?'"
The march hare took the watch and looked at it gloomily: then he dipped it into his cup of tea.  The march hare took the watch and looked at it gloomily: then he dipped it into his cup of tea.  The march hare took the watch and looked at it gloomily: then he dipped it into his cup of tea, and the other two were using it as a cushion, resting their elbows on it, and talking over its head. 
Chapter 10, starting:
CHAPTER VIII. The Queen's Croquet-Ground A large rose-tree stood near the entrance of the garden: the roses ...
Chapter 10 characters: Alice, Queen, King, Sentence, the White Rabbit.
Chapter 10 key terms: Project Gutenberg's, the Knave of Hearts, MINE.
Quote from chapter: "The chief difficulty Alice found at first was in managing her flamingo: she succeeded in getting its body tucked away, comfortably enough, under her arm, with its legs hanging down, but generally, just as she had got its neck nicely straightened out, and was going to give the hedgehog a blow with its head, it WOULD twist itself round and look up in her face, with such a puzzled expression that she could not help bursting out laughing: and when she had got its head down, and was going to begin again, it was very provoking to find that the hedgehog had unrolled itself, and was in the act of crawling away: besides all this, there was generally a ridge or furrow in the way wherever she wanted to send the hedgehog to, and, as the doubled-up soldiers were always getting up and walking off to other parts of the ground, Alice soon came to the conclusion that it was a very difficult game indeed."
The queen, pointing to the three gardeners who were lying round the rosetree; for, you see, as they were lying round the rosetree; for, you see, as they were lying round the rosetree; for, you see, as they were lying on their faces. 
Chapter 11, starting:
CHAPTER IX. The Mock Turtle's Story 'You can't think how glad I am to see you again, you dear old thing!' ...
Chapter 11 characters: Alice, Duchess, the Mock Turtle, Queen, Tut.
Chapter 11 key terms: Gryphon, French, Arithmetic--Ambition, Distraction, Uglification, is--"Oh, 'Off with her head.
Quote from chapter: "'I quite agree with you,' said the Duchess; 'and the moral of that is--"Be what you would seem to be"--or if you'd like it put more simply--"Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise."'"
Alice did not much like keeping so close to her: first, because the duchess was very ugly; and secondly, because she was exactly the right height to rest her chin upon alice's shoulder.  The duchess, digging her sharp little chin into alice's shoulder as she added, 'and the moral of that is--"take care of the sense, and the sounds will take care of themselves. 
Chapter 12, starting:
CHAPTER X. The Lobster Quadrille The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and drew the back of one flapper across ...
Chapter 12 characters: Alice,   , the Mock Turtle, Beau, Soup.
Chapter 12 key terms: Gryphon, sadly:--, England, France--, Dinn.
Quote from chapter: "'You may not have lived much under the sea--' ('I haven't,' said Alice)--'and perhaps you were never even introduced to a lobster--' (Alice began to say 'I once tasted--' but checked herself hastily, and said 'No, never') '--so you can have no idea what a delightful thing a Lobster Quadrille is!'"
(Alice began to say 'I once tasted--' but checked herself hastily.  'I once tasted--' but checked herself hastily, and said 'no, never') '--so you can have no idea what a delightful thing a lobster quadrille is!' Back to land again, and that's all the first figure ' the two creatures got so close to her, one on each side, and opened their eyes and mouths so very wide, but she gained courage as she went on.
Chapter 13, starting:
CHAPTER XI. Who Stole the Tarts? The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on their throne when they ...
Chapter 13 characters: Alice, the White Rabbit, Queen, Majesty, King.
Chapter 13 key terms: Hatter, Dormouse, the March Hare, the Knave of Hearts, Gryphon.
Quote from chapter: "The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on their throne when they arrived, with a great crowd assembled about them--all sorts of little birds and beasts, as well as the whole pack of cards: the Knave was standing before them, in chains, with a soldier on each side to guard him; and near the King was the White Rabbit, with a trumpet in one hand, and a scroll of parchment in the other."
The knave was standing before them, in chains, with a soldier on each side to guard him; and near the king was the white rabbit.  In the very middle of the court was a table, with a large dish of tarts upon it: they looked so good, that it made alice quite hungry to look at them--'i wish they'd get the trial done, 'she thought,' and hand round the refreshments! 
Chapter 14, starting:
CHAPTER XII. Alice's Evidence 'Here!' cried Alice, quite forgetting in the flurry of the moment how ...
Chapter 14 characters: Alice,   , the White Rabbit, King, Majesty.
Chapter 14 key terms: Gryphon, BEG, UNimportant, COURT, OUTSIDE.
Quote from chapter: "So she sat on, with closed eyes, and half believed herself in Wonderland, though she knew she had but to open them again, and all would change to dull reality--the grass would be only rustling in the wind, and the pool rippling to the waving of the reeds--the rattling teacups would change to tinkling sheep-bells, and the Queen's shrill cries to the voice of the shepherd boy--and the sneeze of the baby, the shriek of the Gryphon, and all the other queer noises, would change (she knew) to the confused clamour of the busy farm-yard--while the lowing of the cattle in the distance would take the place of the Mock Turtle's heavy sobs."
Cried alice, quite forgetting in the flurry of the moment how large she had grown in the last few minutes, and there they lay sprawling about, reminding her very much of a globe of goldfish she had accidentally upset the week before.  The long grass rustled at her feet as the white rabbit hurried by -- the frightened mouse splashed his way through the neighbouring pool.  The long grass rustled at her feet as the white rabbit hurried by -- the frightened mouse splashed his way through the neighbouring pool.