Alice started to her feet after she thought it was good practice to say it over) '--yes, that's about the right distance -- but then I wonder what latitude or longitude I've got to?'  Alice,) and round the neck of the bottle was a paper label, with the words' drink me 'beautifully printed on it in large letters.''I must be mabel after all, and I shall have to go and live in that poky little house,' said poor alice, and her eyes filled with tears again as she went on, 'I must be mabel after all, and I shall have to go and live in that poky little house, and have next to no toys to play with, and oh! She got up and went on, and her eyes filled with tears again as she went on,' said poor alice.Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair she put her hand in her pocket.  She pulled out a box of comfits, (luckily the salt water had not got into it), and handed them round as prizes.  Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair she put her hand in her pocket, and pulled out a box of comfits, (luckily the salt water had not got into it), and handed them round as prizes. Alice replied eagerly, for she was always ready to talk about her pet.  She was always ready to talk about her pet: 'I wish I had our dinah here, I know I do!'  She was always ready to talk about her pet: 'I wish I had our dinah here, I know I do!'  She was always ready to talk about her pet: 'dinah's our cat. Alice guessed in a moment that it was looking for the fan and the pair of white kid gloves.  By this time she had found her way into a tidy little room with a table in the window, and the great hall, with the glass table and the little door, had vanished completely.  By this time she had found her way into a tidy little room with a table in the window, and the great hall, with the glass table and the little door, had vanished completely.Alice felt a little irritated at the caterpillar's making such very short remarks.  At last it unfolded its arms, took the hookah out of its mouth again, and said, very gravely, 'I think, you ought to tell me who you are, first.'Alice remained looking thoughtfully at the mushroom for a minute.  She was a good deal frightened by this very sudden change.  But she felt that there was no time to be lost.  She set to work at once to eat some of the other bit.  She set to work at once to eat some of the other bit.  She set to work at once to eat some of the other bit. Alice in a tone of delight, which seemed to rise like a stalk out of a sea of green leaves that lay far below her.  She had just succeeded in curving it down into a graceful zigzag, and was delighted to find that her neck would bend about easily in any direction, like a serpent. The duchess was sitting on a three - legged stool in the middle, nursing a baby; the cook was leaning over the fire, stirring a large cauldron which seemed to be full of soup.  As soon as she had made out the proper way of nursing it, (which was to twist it up into a sort of knot, and then keep tight hold of its right ear and left foot, so as to prevent its undoing itself,) she carried it out into the open air.The march hare took the watch and looked at it gloomily: then he dipped it into his cup of tea.  The march hare took the watch and looked at it gloomily: then he dipped it into his cup of tea.  The march hare took the watch and looked at it gloomily: then he dipped it into his cup of tea, and the other two were using it as a cushion, resting their elbows on it, and talking over its head. The queen, pointing to the three gardeners who were lying round the rosetree; for, you see, as they were lying round the rosetree; for, you see, as they were lying round the rosetree; for, you see, as they were lying on their faces. Alice did not much like keeping so close to her: first, because the duchess was very ugly; and secondly, because she was exactly the right height to rest her chin upon alice's shoulder.  The duchess, digging her sharp little chin into alice's shoulder as she added, 'and the moral of that is--"take care of the sense, and the sounds will take care of themselves. (Alice began to say 'I once tasted--' but checked herself hastily.  'I once tasted--' but checked herself hastily, and said 'no, never') '--so you can have no idea what a delightful thing a lobster quadrille is!' Back to land again, and that's all the first figure ' the two creatures got so close to her, one on each side, and opened their eyes and mouths so very wide, but she gained courage as she went on.The knave was standing before them, in chains, with a soldier on each side to guard him; and near the king was the white rabbit.  In the very middle of the court was a table, with a large dish of tarts upon it: they looked so good, that it made alice quite hungry to look at them--'i wish they'd get the trial done, 'she thought,' and hand round the refreshments! Cried alice, quite forgetting in the flurry of the moment how large she had grown in the last few minutes, and there they lay sprawling about, reminding her very much of a globe of goldfish she had accidentally upset the week before.  The long grass rustled at her feet as the white rabbit hurried by -- the frightened mouse splashed his way through the neighbouring pool.  The long grass rustled at her feet as the white rabbit hurried by -- the frightened mouse splashed his way through the neighbouring pool.Lewis carroll end of project gutenberg's alice's adventures in wonderland, by lewis carroll by lewis carroll by lewis carroll by lewis carroll by lewis carroll by lewis carroll by lewis carroll by lewis carroll by lewis carroll by lewis carroll by lewis carroll by lewis carroll by lewis carroll by lewis carroll by lewis carroll by lewis carroll by lewis carroll by lewis carroll .  Lewis carroll was end of project gutenberg's alice's adventures in wonderland, by lewis carroll . 